# Binance API usage example

This repository provides an example on obtaining data from Binance API and its visualization via simple Flask UI.

### Data Collection Script

1. Clone this repository into empty folder:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/just1ce415/binance_API_example.git
```

2. Switch to the repository folder. Install the required dependencies. Make sure you have Python and pip installed. Then, install the necessary packages by running the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. In the `script.py`, set the desired interval and symbol for data collection by modifying the variables in the script:

```python
interval = '1d'  # Replace with your desired interval, e.g., '4h', '1h'
symbol = 'BTCUSDT'  # Replace with your desired symbol, e.g., 'ETHUSDT', 'BNBUSDT'
```

4. Run the script by executing the following command in the terminal:

```python
python script.py
```

The script will collect the data from the Binance API for the specified interval and symbol and save it in a CSV file named (symbol)_(interval).csv.

### Flask UI

1. If did not previously, install the required dependencies. Make sure you have Python and pip installed. Then, install the necessary packages by running the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Make sure the `(symbol)_(interval).csv` file, generated by the data collection script, is present in the same directory as the Flask UI files.

3. Run the Flask application by executing the following command:

```bash
python app.py
```

4. Once the application is running, you can access the candlestick chart by opening a web browser and entering the following URL:

- http://localhost:5000/candlestick/(symbol)/(interval)

You can access the pie chart by entering the following URL:

- http://localhost:5000/piechart

The candlestick chart will display the data collected from the Binance API, and the pie chart will show market caps for 10 symbols of your choice.